Interview of Career Marshal
I attended a job fair organized by Career Marshal in Jaipur this July. There, I came across this amazing duo and could not stop myself from sharing their inspirational story.
Among the many successful entrepreneurial stories, the journey of Career Marshal is another bestseller.
Facing the adversities first-hand tends to make that person more empathetic and sensitive to others undergoing a similar fate.
Karan Gulati could totally relate to it. “The pain of losing a job overnight is a nightmare. The consequences of the recession took a nasty toll on my life and hence I decided to find an antidote”, says the CEO of Career Marshal.
Being a leading and promising job consultancy, Career Marshal was not a one-man job but was formed on the nexus of passion and perseverance by a dynamic partnership.
His partner for lifetime success “Gunjan Gulati ” always looked up to indulge in the prospect of employee engagement. Her unique & passionate working methods make her different from others.
She starts her day by asking a question to herself and her team “Who is the best”? And she & her team say I’m the best (loudly).
Therefore, they complement each other best and today stand as one of the most stylish entrepreneurs in the industry not only professionally but personally as well!
This is the first time I’m meeting such young entrepreneurs.
If you don’t mind may I know your age, please? "I’m 32", mentioned Karan and "I’m 29", the woman in the white business attire said.
When did you built this empire?
Not too long. We started Career Marshal in 2014. Now, it’s a 5 years old baby.
How has the journey been till now?
Well, Fantastic! An entrepreneur is someone who is more in love with the journey than the final destination. We began our business right back in 2014 in a small rented office and since then there is no looking back.
Also, both of us still hustle like it’s the starting day of our business and trust us, this keeps the inner spark alive.
A small idea that began in a small rented office with three team members has now got converted into 5 offices, out of which 4 are in Janakpuri and 1 in Mumbai with 45 team members. We feel that this is a kind of achievement in itself which only true entrepreneurs like us will be able to understand.
Being a couple, are there any advantages or disadvantages that you guys face while managing your company?
We personally feel that being a couple definitely gives you many advantages in managing the day-to-day activities of your business.
Our industry is pretty much aware of the fact that both of us already share a special bond and comfort which helps us in the smooth running of the business.
Other beguiling advantages - We both can spend more time together, we motivate each other, share ideas and most importantly, we can have food together for which we all earn.
On the other side, when it comes to disadvantages, then at times, we do face clash of our ideas but again as we said due to the deeper level of the understanding between the two of us, we handle these small issues quite easily. Furthermore, our business isn’t only limited to the walls of the office, instead, we can always share our future ideas or thoughts in the comfort of our living room or on our morning walk.
What’s your mission and vision?
We started the business with the idea of “helping the right person for the right place” and the mission continues on this same agenda till today. The base for our company will always stay in the above statement.
In the market, we saw that companies were having a lot of difficulties in hiring the right employees for their organization
Similarly, on the other side, job-seeking individuals weren’t also able to get offers for the jobs that they actually deserved and had the necessary capabilities for. That’s where; we stepped in to make things easier for both sides.
Vision – To go worldwide as a brand
Mission – To focus on Vision
Do you take holidays?
Yes, Definitely! We both are travelers. We take holidays to travel and explore the beguiling world around us, we adore traveling!
No matter what job or business you are in, you should definitely take out some time for yourself. That’s why whenever we get a chance to take holidays; we plan out some trips as both of us are great travel enthusiasts.
In fact, traveling is one of our side passions as we always love to explore new and beautiful places.
Traveling helps us to stay energized and get fresh ideas for the survival of our business. At times, when the workload is heavy, long trips aren’t possible so we sneak out to Goa and that’s where mini weekend plans come to the rescue. At the end of the day, it’s about figuring out some time for yourself and your partner.
Have you ever faced any difficulty in balancing your married life and work?
No, Never.
What do you want to say to the young entrepreneurs out there who want to make a mark in the industry?
You cannot hire someone to do your push-ups, however, you can hire good trainees to support you. To make a mark in the industry, you have to get out of your comfort zone as it is only then you will be able to understand what it takes to become successful in your business field.
It’s not required to work 10-13 hours, trust me. Only six dedicated hours where you just be a worker can make you successful within a year.
My last question to you Mr. Gulati “What’s your strength”?
This is my favorite question because the answer is very simple – My Wife Gunjan Gulati.
This was the small interview taken by me in Jaipur. “Taking risk is a gamble, but focus and perseverance will light the way” is something Gunjan never forgets to mention in any interview.
Both Gunjan and Karan “cheerios” their jobs to turn their passion into profession. Today 100+ companies associate themselves with Career Marshal. When asked about their work mantra, they stick to one answer, “stay real, humble and transparent and no plagiarism guys!.”


